I've had a beautiful, I've had a flawless campaign. You'll be writing books about this campaign.
I think I am, actually humble. I think I'm much more humble than you would understand.
Happy Cinco de Mayo! The best taco bowls are made in Trump Tower Grill. I love Hispanics!
I don't think I'm going to lose, but if I do, I don't think you're ever going to see me again, folks.
I think I'll go to Turnberry and play golf or something.
He referred to my hands, if they're small, something else must be small. I guarantee you there's no problem.
I guarantee it.
At the end of four years, I guarantee you that I will get 95 percent of the African-American vote.
You know I'm automatically attracted to beautiful I just start kissing them. It's like a magnet. Just kiss.
I don't even wait. And when you're a star, they let you do it. You can do anything. Grab them by the
Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! Why didn't these people
vote? Celebs hurt cause badly.
Happy New Year to all, including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just
don't know what to do. Love!
An extremely credible source has called my office and told me that Barack Obama's birth certificate is a fraud
I will build a great wall and nobody builds walls better than me, believe me and I'll build them very inexpensively.
I will build a great, great wall on our southern border, and I will make Mexico pay for that wall. Mark my words.
When Mexico sends its people, they're not sending the best. They're not sending you, they're sending people that
have lots of problems and they're bringing those problems with us. They're bringing drugs. They're bring crime.
They're rapists And some, I assume, are good people.
All of the women on The Apprentice flirted with me consciously or unconsciously. That's to be expected.
The beauty of me is that I'm very rich.
It's freezing and snowing in New York, we need global warming!
I've said if Ivanka weren't my daughter, perhaps I'd be dating her.
My fingers are long and beautiful, as, it has been well documented, are various other parts of my body.
I think the only difference between me and the other candidates is that
I'm more honest and my women are more beautiful.
My IQ is one of the highest and you all know it! Please don't feel so stupid or insecure; it's not your fault.
My Twitter has become so powerful that I can actually make my enemies tell the truth.
I beat China all the time. All the time.
The Fake Media (not Real Media) has gotten even worse since the election. Every story is badly slanted.
We have to hold them to the truth!

